=== 1.7.0 (TBD)

=== 1.6.2 (2012-9-15)
* Upgrade/broaden to slf4j [1.6.5,1.8), logback ~> 1.2 (now dev)

=== 1.6.1 (2012-4-5)
* Add UniMap.inspect based on deep_hash.inspect

==== 1.6.b.1 (2012-2-7)
* Reworked UniMap Ruby extension: UniMap.is_a?( Hash ) with Hash
  behavior including interop with string or symbol keys, to_json
  support, improved performance.
* IOUtils, tests fixes for 1.9 mode

==== 1.6.b.0 (2012-1-29)
* New jruby IOUtils, sample extension, and perf test for optimizing
  text-intensive interop.
* Simplify naming with PerfTest::BlockTestFactory
* Narrow to slf4j ~> 1.6.1, logback ~> 1.0
* Upgrade to tarpit ~> 2.0, bundler Gemfile, gemspec (dev)

=== 1.5.1 (2011-10-1)
* Add ArrayHTMap.toString that is cycle aware, avoids stack overflow
  on value loops.
* Convert ruby tests to minitest
* Upgrade to rjack-tarpit ~> 1.4 (dev)

=== 1.5.0 (2010-12-11)
* Add CharSequences utilities; CharBufferReader, CharArrayReader, and
  StringReader.
* Add ByteArrayInputStream( byte[] ) constructor.
* Add Charsets.lookup utility.
* Add Metric.format(long) and formatInteger(double) with
  no-fractions output.
* PerfTest runs min one rep per set, even for very slow tests.
* Expand slf4j/logback dependency ranges for compatibility with
  slf4j-1.6.x/logback-1.x
* Fix one more (Rjack::)Logback reference in test

=== 1.4.0 (2010-5-8)
* New generic UniMap (Java) with ruby dynamic accessor extension.
* New Charsets constants.
* New Streams utilities; ByteBufferInputStream and ByteArrayInputStream.
* New ResizableByteBufferOutputStream.
* New Closeables utilities.
* ArrayHTMap and HashHTMap are no longer final (supports UniMap).
* Added immutable public KeySpace.keys().
* Added convenience methods KeySpace.createGeneric() and createListKey().
* Added URL64 encoder/decoder utility.
* Added explicit dev dependencies for rjack-slf4j and rjack-logback.
* Remove old/deprecated perftest.* harness and ConcurrentTest*
* Use rjack-tarpit for build.
* Set gem platform to java.

=== 1.3.2 (2009-8-6)
* Add ConstrainedInputStream.readLength() and mark/reset support.

=== 1.3.1 (2009-8-2)
* ResizableByteBuffer.putFromStream break on zero length read.
* Add ConstrainedInputStream.
* Use rdoc 2.4.3 and hoe 1.12.2 for build.

=== 1.3 (2009-2-23)
* New gem packaging.
* Replaced java perftest harness with ruby test harness/wiring.
* Split heterogeneous access methods from HTMap to HTAccess interface
  to enable generic filters and other consumers.
* Non-checked exception version of Closeable interface.

=== 1.2 (2008-4-28)
* Added ResizableByteBuffer, ResizableCharBuffer,
  ResizableCharBufferWriter classes.

=== 1.1 (2007-7-15)
* First public release.
